---
layout: post
title: Advocating for Macros
date: 2020-05-03
categories: separated, by commas
---
I don't have as much experience with [Keyboard Maestro](https:/twitter.com/keyboardmaestro) as I do with [Shortcuts](https://apple.com/shortcuts), but I just took a 3-5 minute (manual) process and created a macro w/in KM that does the same thing in ~.5 seconds. Not only is this automatic now, but there is no more room for error. 

What the macro does is this:

- get selected item(s) from Finder
- append path of each item in selection to a text file, "queue.txt", each path is on a separate line
- get the enclosing folder from selected item(s) from Finder, set to a variable
- open Terminal
- change directory in Terminal to path of folder from above 
- execute a bash script in Terminal

How I use this day-to-day... find something in my media library that needs to be transcoded for "Direct Play" within Plex, highlight it/them, open "Transcode Selection" w/in KM... then wait for it to complete. 

I was previously going through many steps: 

- select items
- open queue.txt
- drag items from Finder to queue.txt to get the full paths into the file
- open Terminal
- change directory in Terminal to the appropriate location
- drag the bash file into Terminal to execute

It's the same _raw_ number of steps, but in the macro it's all previously defined and happens without my interaction within ~.5 seconds -- compared to 3-5 minutes of the manual steps which had quite a few instances where I was typing in the wrong items or dragging things incorrectly. 

The macro took an hour or so over the course of 3 nights to design. Why stick with it and get it done? This is now automatic and I don't need to _think_ about the process. 

It just works. 