11/07/11 – Putting Things into ActionAfter many ideas, chats with other people, and sleepless nights… I found myself going to Disneyland to speak with the Cast Members (CM) located at City Hall. I was greeted by a friendly gentleman, who’s name I can’t recall at the moment. I informed him of why I was at the park and what I was planning to do. He let me know that they don’t make plans or reservations for such a request, the best thing(s) to do is to speak with the manager(s)-on-duty (MOD) and see if they can do anything to point me in the right direction. As he went to look for a number where I could get in touch with someone who may be able to plan something a little more concrete at a hotel or restaurant, a woman took over the conversation. She informed me that I’d be best off just talking with the leads, since there are more of them that are on the parade route currently… They see a lot of engagements since they are the veterans out right now. She explained what I should look for so when I got out there, so I wouldn’t be lost.I made my way out into the wild of the Disneyland Park to find a lead and/or manager… I honestly didn’t know what I was looking for, but I knew my one thing – my heart was racing… This was the first of many big moves that would change my life. I walked down Main Street and felt like I was experiencing the magic Disney all over again for the first time. My eyes were wandering all over the park looking for a MOD (which were supposedly in suits) or a lead (which were supposedly in jackets/vests). I happened to find myself near the front of the castle and saw a very large structure that was impeding on the entire ambience of the location… I proceeded to ask the nearest CM what was going on… and if the structure would be here for long or if they were moving it soon, if they weren’t moving it soon, it’d pose a problem for my plan. The CM informed me that it would in fact be taken down that evening and they’d resume normal operation of the castle shortly there after. I proceeded to ask the CM if there was a lead and/or MOD available in the area… He (the CM) asked me what I needed because he and the neighboring CMs are leads. I informed him of what I was doing there and he gave me two options/ideas. The first was to propose inside the castle after the fireworks... I thought this idea was really slick and would be a really nice way of doing it. The second was to inform a CM working the “Storybook Land” ride early in the day that I was planning a proposal for that evening so when we got to the ride at the proper time… the CM could give us our own boat and during the fireworks the ride actually shuts off due to safety hazards. If timed properly, the ride shuts down right in front of the fireworks, which creates a memory that’ll last a lifetime – not to mention the question that’ll change our lives. I thanked the CM for his time and went over to the Storybook Lane ride to gather more information.On my way to the Storybook Lane attraction, I noticed that there were fewer and fewer guests in the park. By the time I made it to Storybook Lane, there were no CMs at that attraction… No MODs or leads as far as the eye could see. I ended up taking a stroll around the park to see if there was anything that could possibly be done better than was already given to me as options… I thought of possibly doing it at the Haunted Mansion, but we didn’t have any history there; I thought maybe doing it as we fell from the heights of Splash Mountain, but I felt that wasn’t special/romantic enough; alas, I called it a night and headed home for the night with all of this new information and ideas floating around in my imagination.11/09/11 – Asking Her FatherTwo days has passed and I’ve made the decision that the big day would November 11, 2011 – or as we’ll remember it as: 11/11/11. What was the only thing stopping me from popping the big question? Her father’s approval…I had to think of a story/reason why I needed to talk to her dad without her or her mother home. I asked Adrie to let her dad know that I wanted to replace the headlights in my car because I didn’t think they were bright enough… This worked like a charm because there are very few things I do on my car on my own, I’m not very do-it-yourself (DIY) when it comes to cars.Today was my day off… I called up Adrian to see if he wanted breakfast, I was going to Jack in the Box – he accepted my offer and I brought breakfast. Upon getting there, he promptly started to talk about my lights… I had us sit down at the dining room table and told him, “I’m not here to talk about the lights… That was just so Adrie wouldn’t raise suspicion… I’m here to ask you for her hand in marriage.” His face, his voice, his body language… Utter shock. He had no idea this was coming, and to be honest – I didn’t think this day was going to come this early… I didn’t plan on asking her to marry me for at least another 6 months. He began to question my statement, “Why do you want to marry her? Are you ready? What are you planning? Can you provide for her?” It was like blitzkrieg, question after question! I knew he was just being fatherly, this was his baby girl – I respected that, as I would be doing the same in his shoes. I let him know what I was planning on… A Disney proposal, what I’ve already done, and that I’ve already purchased a ring and everything is all setup… I just came for his approval, and if I didn’t have it, I would do whatever I had to do to get it – I love his daughter and I’ll do what it takes to show that if I haven’t done so already. Once all said was done, I had his approval and he welcomed me into the family. I went home and began trying to put all the pieces together… 11/11/11 – The Big DayToday was a bittersweet day for me. It was the day I’d ask my future wife (hopefully) to marry me, but it was also my last day working inside of a Best Buy (I had been promoted to a field-support role and was to start the following Sunday). I left on my last day a little late due to good-byes, I had so much support from the people who knew what I was planning on doing that day – I was shaking from being so nervous, they all knew it was going to go great because of all of my preparation and how great of a couple we are. To this point, all Adrie knew was that we were going to Disneyland for some special event… Any more information I gave her, I risked her figuring it all out. Last night, she played around and brought up, “I bet you’re finally proposing to me… Why else would we go to Disneyland when we’re blacked out?” The thing was, she was right. There was no real reason why we would go to Disneyland when we were blacked out, which means we’d have to pay full price for tickets… and not only that, but it was on a day where we both worked – so we’d only be there for a few hours.