You may be looking for an app that gives a different (hopefully better) experience than the app that came with your iPhone. This will be a multipart series in what I've found to be the best-in-class for what to replace the stock apps with. One major downside to replacing the stock experience is you can't change the default app links (e.g. if you click on a link in your Messages app, it'll open Safari -- no two ways about it). 

### Photos (Photo Stream in particular)

This has been a running paint point since the release of Photo Stream. There are a lot of limits to the service, none of which are expandable. 

There have been multiple services come into the fold and unfortunately they have all either folded or been acquired by someone else. The two services that I tried previously were: Everpix and Loom.

Everpix's service was ahead of its time, really. It was a single  repository for all of your photos, regardless of where they were taken or how. Photos taken on your iPhone? Of course. Photos taken from your DSLR? No problem. Photos taken/posted on social media? They'll even do those. Furthermore, Everpix had apps for iOS and had a good web interface for desktop usage and those without iOS devices. One of the sleeper hits was the "flashback" email. This email would send you photos that were taken on the same day in years past. You could then send the link to other people that may have been in the photos to have them also re-live the experience. Everpix, was a great service. Unfortunately for the users, it folded due to lack of paying customers. 

Loom hit the scene and felt like a true Photo Stream replacement. It had expandable storage, an iOS app, a desktop uploader, it had a clear business plan... it felt like it would be around for the long haul. I was a bit skeptical when I first dove into the app, from the feeling of being let down by Everpix's recent shut down. Their business plan was clear and made sense, the options were: free (5 GB), Standard (100 GB) and Pro. Knowing that my photos currently were around 80 GB and I expected the service to be around for a while... I knew that 100 GB wouldn't be enough. Despite my feelings and skepticism, I jumped in with both feet and signed up for the Pro account, later I'd be happy I did. Loom had albums that you could make and manage on your own, it had the "timeline" feature, it felt *good*. Months of using the app and being part of the Beta program, good vibes -- very happy with the app and usage... then boom. Loom announces their acquisition by the powerhouse Dropbox. I was happy with this news. Considering who could have acquired this product or potentially the product not being around -- I'm happy to see Loom's new home in Dropbox. One of the things was awesome to see them do -- the amount of storage you had in Loom was added to your Dropbox for a year from the date of acquisition. Not only was this nice, but it was unexpected -- this was a nice touch by both parties involved. 

This leads me to my pick: Carousel/Dropbox. 

Carousel has a great interface, clearly influenced / taken from Loom. Its storage is in Dropbox (which is great because there's no proprietary database and is accessible anywhere you have an Internet connection) and will show you all the photos you have in Dropbox. I had two real quarrels with Carousel, but neither are deal breakers: it will show *all* photos in your Dropbox folder and it doesn't support RAW photos. I thought the first would be a problem, then realized all my photos in Dropbox are really in 2 places, Photos and Day One. Day One photos are generally also in Photos, so it's just a bit of duplication (a few photos here and there, no problem). The second quarrel, RAW photos, is somewhat a good thing -- RAW photos are about 5 times larger than their JPEG converted counterpart. I added a step in my workflow to put the RAW files on my Synology NAS for safe keeping / editing / printing and converted JPEG photos into Dropbox/Photos. 

I'm thankful for the work Loom did prior to the acquisition and am thankful for Dropbox for continuing their work.

Aces. 👍